well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
decisions decision-making information in
children there's a whole lot of people
wearing a whole lot of parents saying
that they're having trouble making a
decision as to whether or not to send
their kids back to school
why is this decision difficult that's
the question if this was any other
scenario would it be difficult right now
the reason people are having trouble is
because an institution that they've been
conditioned to believe is telling them
something that is at odds with reality
the state the government is telling them
somethings okay when they know it's not
take this scenario and put it in any
other situation some dude in a suit in
your state capital or in DC says it's
okay for your kid to do this but you
feel that it may not be safe what do you
do that person does not matter right
their opinion does not matter nothing
changed just because that person is a
government employee if you're having
trouble making this decision there's no
decision to be made where there's doubt
there is no doubt when it comes to
safety the safety of your children if
you doubt they will be safe at school
don't send them period full stop there's
no decision to be made the government as
an institution does not care about your
child don't care about your kid's life
period
because this became politicized the
Republican Party is now in the position
of trying to bend reality to make it
seem like everything's okay they have to
do that so hopefully they can get
reelected and now the President of the
United States is attempting to
circumvent the CDC and take control of
the numbers the information that you
would use to determine whether or not
it's safe for your child to go he wants
to take control of that he wants to
remove that from the CDC the easiest way
to determine whether or not this is a
good idea is to go back and look at how
often the president is fact checked and
he's proven to be a liar I would not
trust information coming from this
administration I certainly would not
trust it if I thought my kid's life
depended on it where there is doubt
there is no doubt any rational person is
going to doubt information coming out of
this administration there's no doubt
if you're having trouble making this
decision there's no decision to be made
it means that you have doubts about your
child safety do not let the state the
government bully you in to to risking
your child there have been times in
history where people just followed the
orders of the state it almost never
works out well because the state does
not care about your life does not care
about your kid's life and I know there
are some people out there that are
having trouble because of economic
considerations they don't know how
they're going to handle them once the
school year starts watching their kids
you have found a way to do it in the
summer maybe it's just time to extend
those plans if you have doubts about
your kids safety you're gonna have to
you're gonna have to figure something
out because it's very clear the
government doesn't care there are
lawyers in Florida giving teachers free
wills
if you have doubts about whether or not
it is safe to send your kid back to
school don't send them it's time for us
to lead ourselves we don't have
leadership at the federal level most
states don't have leadership at the
state level you have to make this
decision for yourself do not let them
bully you into it
don't let your political party tell you
to not believe what you see with your
own eyes anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day